Writing Code
Python is one of the most popular and useful languages 
    used to give instructions to computers.

The print() instruction is the easiest way to send a message to the screen or other display device.
    print("Level Up!")

Humans use code to give instructions to machines.

Lesson Takeaways
    mazing job! Python is widely used to build software and games, analyze data and program Artificial Intelligence. You learned that:

    humans use code to give instructions to machines
    the print() instruction displays a message on the screen
Memory and Variables
Computer programs use variables to remember important information, like items in a shopping cart, prices and discounts.
    The line of code below tells the computer to store information in a variable called item.
    item = "bike"
Lesson Takeaways
Amazing job! You learned that:
Computer programs use variables to remember important information
A variable has a name and a value
You can create a variable by connecting the name and the value with an equal sign =
In the next lesson, you'll start writing and running real code.

Text Data
Strings in Python need to be surrounded by quotation marks.
We use quotation marks to tell Python that we are working with a piece of text data.
Strings can be stored in variables.
Complete the line of code to store the value "Apple" in the variable

In Python, both single ' and double " quotes can be used to define strings. It doesn’t make a difference whether you choose double or single quotation marks.
A computer program is made of lines of code. You can add as many lines and variables to your code as you need to give the computer instructions.

The code in computer programs is made of statements. Statements are the instructions for the computer to follow. Real programs can contain thousands of statements.
The print() statement is the easiest way to send a value to the screen.

Lesson Takeaways
Well done! You learned that:

A piece of text is called a string
Strings require quotation marks
The print() statement is used to send a value to the screen

Nemerical Data
Numerical data is information that comes in the form of numbers.
In this lesson, you'll learn how to deal with numerical data in your computer programs.
You can perform math operations with numbers. Each print() instruction will add a value to the screen in a new line.
Run the code below to see the result of the calculations

CODE PLAYGROUND: PY
print(7 + 3)
print(10 - 5)
print(5 * 3)
print(10 / 2)

Lesson Takeaways
Great work! You completed the lesson. You learned that:
Numerical values can be stored in variables
You can access the value stored in a variable by calling its name
Numerical data should not be surrounded by quotation marks

Working with Variables
Variables are key to software development. They allow you to store, label and play with data.

In this lesson, you’ll learn to work with data that has been stored in variables.
You can update the value stored in a variable. The variable will forget the previously stored value.

Run the code to check the new stored value

Lesson Takeaways
Great job! You learned that:
You can run calculations using the values stored in variables
You can store the result of a calculation in a variable
Updating the value of a variable is called reassigning a variable